# Meeting Minutes

**Date:** Wednesday, May 21st, 2025  
**Time:** 7:00 PM â€“ 9:10 PM  
**Location:** Zoom  
**Attendees:** All team members present

---

## Agenda Items Discussed

### 1. D1 Assignment Review
- Each member thoroughly read through the D1 assignment page
- Compiled a list of questions to clarify with the TA

### 2. Team-Building Activity
- Decided to hold an online team-building activity on Discord
- Scheduled for **Saturday, May 24th at 4:00 PM**
- Planned games: *Codenames* and *Skribbl.io*
- Also plan to meet in person at a later date

### 3. Quercus Team Group
- All members joined group 16 on Quercus

### 4. GitHub Repository Setup
- Created GitHub repository: `project-16-rivvi`
- All members joined the repository
- Added necessary folders and files:
  - `deliverables/team/` folder
    - `Team-16-301_Programmers.csv` file
    - `minutes/` folder
    - `Stakeholders.txt` file

### 5. Planning Document
- Started drafting `planning.md`
- Assigned specific questions to each group member
- Decided on regular meeting times
- Discussed role distribution among members

### 6. Partner Communication
- Partner has not yet reached out
- No partner meetings scheduled yet

---

## Next Steps
- Look out for any communication from partner
- Continue work on `planning.md`
- Participate in team-building activity on Saturday, May 24th